Add support for mainnet. (#564)
o1-labs/zkapp-cli: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## [0.16.1](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli/compare/v16.0...v16.1) - 2024-01-XX

### Added

> - Possibility to configure the target network ID during the `zk config` process. [#564](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli/pull/564)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Possibility to configure the target network to testnet or mainnet during the `zk config` process. [#564](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli/pull/564)
```

Reviewer: A suggestion to add a little more to the changelog description.
